oh hello... are you reading this?

that's neato...

oh... Why is this .txt file on your computer now?

I'm glad you asked...

So when I wrote this program for some reason I assumed this complicated folder structure...

then I was too lazy to go fix every place I used it...

then I was like oh wait if I make you download this stupid folder from Git-Hub then everything will work out...

wow was I wrong...

so if a folder is empty Git-Hub doesn't let me upload it... 

so instead of messing around with Git-Hub...

I decided to just put a silly .txt file in the folders that S.T.A.R. (what a cheesy name) assumed your computer would have...


of course this is the worst fix anyone has ever thought of...

but whatever deal with it you now have the tinest of files on your computer that does nothing except tell Git-Hub to make this folder...

and of course "tell" is too strong of a word...

really since it is a file it says hey when I upload this folder you will be asked to upload this .txt file...


so hey it works...

it allows me to be lazy...

another thing I thought it would be easier for the user if there was only one file of code (besides the obnoxious dependecies) 

but it just made it a pain in my butt to code...

well you know live and learn...

but seriously how obnoxious are those dependecies?????

like when they wrote CMU Sphinx did they get in a room and say: 
		"what if we went out of our way to make this thing obnoxious to use"

but in all seriousness it's an awesome little program...

wow...

are you still there?

if you are I assume you didn't mind reading the readme file that also came with this download...

then you saw that there is a java version of this program...

why did I go to all the trouble to learn a new programming language when I had a program with a ton of features already pain stakingly written for two different operating systems...

well it's because I could wrap the CMU sphinx into one little package so that people didn't have to worry about any dependicies...

I really appreciate them making it that easy...

one day I may even use that convience to turn star into a "live" listening application for android devices... 

I mean who knows I might get super board and I already did all the trouble of downloading and figuring out the basics of jetbrains intellij...

so you know why not...

I know what you are thinking... 

hey wait weren't you just bashing on those geniuses at CMU...

yes I was!

and I will now return to that...

(but in all seriousness they are great and thier program is great!)

so they let me tie up their program in a tiny little box but then when I try and do simple things like say hey can you use this pretty little language model and dictionary I made so that this program really only listens for the words it should care about (obviously for my purposes) it's throwing errors at my face like I made fun of it's mother...

so then I google things like "changing language models with sphinx4"

and the guy from the CMU team that was "in charge" of the sphinx4 version was like: "why would you want to do that it doesn't help anything out.." 

really dude...

when you google the same thing but for pocketsphinx the people that were in charge of that are all super awesome and nice and are like sure why not... just make this and that and here is a great tutorial on how to do it... such great guys...

wait are you still reading??

that's weird why didn't you stop reading...

you must literally have nothing better to do...

seriously like there isn't a good show on netflix or amazon prime you could be watching?

well if you are struggling that much for something entertaining might I suggest a game on one of my buddies websites:

http://people.math.sc.edu/southwij/game/

its a fun annoying game...

like seriously if you are the type of person that is still reading this and went through all the trouble to get cmu sphinx working on your computer to run this program that really just counts and averages quiet time you will probably freakin love this game...

wait still...

still...

still you are reading...

wow you are special type of person...

did you think I was going to give you some secret of the world in here?

did you not read the title of this file before you opened it?

so anyways...

what I mean to say from the begining:

mea culpa

my fault...

my bad...

apologies...

I am sorry...
